# Olympian-Info-Index-2.0
Final Project CMSC 140
This final project is a small data base of simple, digestible info on the Olympians in Greek myth. In order to complete this project I searched github and discovered a prewritten dictionary of the greek pantheon that was missing information. I transferred this info into VS code where I filled in some of the missing information. I then added another dictionary with keys that held the info listed in the original dictionary which I would call to using inputs that were put through a function that would return the info needed. I then added some code that would prompt the user with some text to type in the wanted information.
Reflection:This final project turned out to be much more difficult than I had originally imagined. As I coded I ran into difficulties that should not have been there. I started with a simple concept of being able to type in a name, subsequently get information about that Greek god, and then you could look through the list of their relations and from there choose another name and get information. This apparently, was far too much to ask. As I coded I put forth very simple commands and functions that were well within my wheelhouse in terms of understanding the code and making it functional. Yet I couldn’t seem to manage to get this to work with me. I must have tackled it a dozen different ways and through researching the internet, past assignments, notes and labs, and even our textbook I could find why VS code seemed to reject this very simple and straightforward code. I was forced to resort to dumbing down my project so that it was a simple roll call, meaning that you could call for the info of a god but could not further interact with that god’s information, and then could subsequently ask for the information of a different god. This does not break any of the requirements of the project but I was severely dissatisfied with the fact I could not meet the expectations I had for myself, especially because I couldn’t understand why my original idea had failed. It seems that at the end of this term while I have a loose grasp of the concepts and formulas of coding and python the one struggle I always had and continued to have until the very end of the term is that I cannot seem to grasp and work around the small minutiae and subtleties that lie within code. On countless assignments I would take my code for input from my peers and tutors wondering why my code would not function despite my following of the text, instructions, and my notes. On each of these occasions we would sit together in confusion until the person who was kind enough to help me would make and indent here, switch a line from here to there, or some other small detail and this would fix the issue. Often times they themselves couldn’t explain why the program was able to read it now but not before, yet they were still able to think of the solution and put it into effect where as I, without fail, knew that if I had spent all the time in the world I never would have thought of it. Overall I do not regret my experience with coding and I believe I was able to grasp it as well as I could and the lessons were able to teach me a lot, but there seems to be a certain mindset or some kind of natural gift when it comes to reading this language that I seemed to have been born without.
